[TSLA-5932] Update downgrade instructions for calico cloud (#1247)
tigera/docs: calico-cloud/operations/disconnect.mdx

:::

### Before you begin

> * Ensure that you have `kubectl` admin access to the Kubernetes cluster you wish to disconnect from {{prodname}}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* You have `kubectl` administrator access to the cluster you want to migrate to Calico Open Source.
```

> * You are accessing the cluster from a linux based machine

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* You are accessing the cluster from a Linux-based machine.
```
